**Hii Intro to my thought process on implementation of question 4**

1.This task introduced me to ROS and using software enhancements to run diff OS on my Mac.I first was overwhelmed by how would I be able to understand the terms, like the 8-bit and 3 channel image had me dumbstruck but when I read online resources about it the things got simplified a bit .

2.As I dived deeper intp the ROS configurations and workings I came across many different I realised this task requires a higher level of understanding of catkin and ROS than I imagined. I am stuck and can't make head or tail of this task ngl. I tried googling easy tutorials but got stuck as they went on to define some more weird terms like 'melodic' which I later realised is just a diff version of the software. So dejectedly i had to give up this task.ROS usage and manipulation couldn't be handled by me so i had to again stick to writing down my logic as a readme text.

3.As I figured out further , I realised that The values 0, 127 and 255 represented the intensity of ech colour in the pixel.So if each of red , blue and green went equal values, I'd get a white colour as the pixel's face value cause white is the combination of all primary colours. The higher thevlue, more intense the colour. And I also more or less figured out the values, they'll just go from 0,127,255. So now I had to start working on the algorithm.

4.After trying a few permutations for diff values , i came to realise that this problem required me to set some boundary condition to see if the algorithm holds. The result that led  me to this conclusion is that i ended up getting somewhat 2 conditons but with 3 free variables. So i took a guess and assumed that the hidden template is configured with each pixel with a midvalue ie 127 then the algorith R-->G;G-->B;B-->R
This algorithm seemed to fit in exactly for all the values of diff I/O example.So without much fuurther ado I fixated on the following algorithm.